[1mName[0m                          [1mDescription[0m
agent-collaboration           Sprint 3, Function 7: Agent collaboration (prep for A2A)
assign-task-to-agent          Sprint 5, Function 4: Assign task to agent
create-agent                  Sprint 2, Function 1: Create a basic agent
create-code-agent             Sprint 3, Function 1: Create specialized code agent
create-performance-agent      Sprint 4, Function 1: Create performance agent
create-review-agent           Sprint 4, Function 3: Create review agent
create-security-agent         Sprint 3, Function 5: Create security agent
create-test-agent             Sprint 3, Function 3: Create test agent
create-workflow               Sprint 5, Function 1: Create workflow
execute-agent                 Sprint 2, Function 2: Execute agent with task
execute-agent-pipeline        Sprint 2, Function 3: Multi-agent pipeline
execute-agent-with-tools      Sprint 2, Function 4: Agent with tools
execute-container             Sprint 1, Function 2: Execute a simple container
execute-parallel-workflow     Sprint 5, Function 5: Parallel workflow execution
execute-with-logging          Sprint 1, Function 6: Basic observability
execute-with-tools            Sprint 1, Function 5: Execute with tools
execute-workflow              Sprint 5, Function 2: Execute workflow
generate-code                 Sprint 3, Function 2: Execute code generation task
generate-tests                Sprint 3, Function 4: Generate tests for code
get-agent-capability-matrix   Sprint 4, Function 8: Agent capability matrix
get-agent-metrics             Sprint 2, Function 6: Agent performance metrics
get-tool-recommendations      Sprint 4, Function 6: Get tool recommendations
get-workflow-status           Sprint 5, Function 6: Get workflow status
initialize-tool-registry      Sprint 4, Function 5: Initialize tool registry
load-state                    Sprint 1, Function 4: Load state
profile-performance           Sprint 4, Function 2: Profile code performance
review-code                   Sprint 4, Function 4: Review code
run-complete-orchestration    Sprint 5, Function 8: Complete orchestration demo
run-review-pipeline           Sprint 4, Function 7: Multi-agent review pipeline
save-state                    Sprint 1, Function 3: Basic state management
scan-security                 Sprint 3, Function 6: Security scan
schedule-task                 Sprint 5, Function 3: Schedule task
select-agent-for-task         Sprint 5, Function 7: Dynamic agent selection
test-connection               Sprint 1, Function 1: Test the module works at all
update-agent-memory           Sprint 2, Function 5: Agent memory management
